doc(applications-monitoring-openmetrics): refresh documentation page CTOR-1301 (#4019)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-openmetrics.md

id: applications-monitoring-openmetrics
title: OpenMetrics
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **OpenMetrics** connector through the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **OpenMetrics** brings 2 host templates:

* **App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-File-custom**
* **App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Web-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-File-custom" label="App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-File-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                                      | Service Description                                                          |
|:---------------|:------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-File-custom | Allows to scrape metrics from an OpenMetrics formatted file on a remote host |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-File-custom | Scrapes metrics from an OpenMetrics formatted file on a remote host |
```

> | Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-Web-custom  | Allows to scrape metrics from a web page exposing OpenMetrics                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-Web-custom  | Scrapes metrics from a web page exposing OpenMetrics                |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-File-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Web-custom" label="App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Web-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                                      | Service Description                                                          |
|:---------------|:------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-File-custom | Allows to scrape metrics from an OpenMetrics formatted file on a remote host |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-File-custom | Scrapes metrics from an OpenMetrics formatted file on a remote host |
```

> | Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-Web-custom  | Allows to scrape metrics from a web page exposing OpenMetrics                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scrape-Metrics | App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Scrape-Metrics-Web-custom  | Scrapes metrics from a web page exposing OpenMetrics                |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **App-Monitoring-Openmetrics-Web-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics and statuses linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Scrape-Metrics*" label="Scrape-Metrics*">

> The values of the metrics collected depend on your Openmetrics equipment and the filters you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values of the metrics collected depend on your Openmetrics device and the filters you choose.
```
